# Peachly-Mobile-Developer-Take-Home-Exercise
This app is a simple Feedback form. The user must enter their first name, last name, an email address, and a maximum 500 character message in order to submit the form. All inputs are required, and the email input is required to be in a valid email format.

## How to use:
The app loads with four input boxes with placeholders and a submit button. Using viewDidLoad() I hide all error messages, create the message count and message placeholder by setting the message UITextView delegate. Using two textView delegate methods, textViewDidBeginEditing() and textViewDidEndEditing(), I specifiy how the message placeholder disappears and reappears depending when the user is typing. I then use a textView() delegate method in order to implement the message character count. I then create a mail validation method which compares the users inputed email to the specified regular expression. If the inputed email matches this it returns true, otherwise false. The next function, submit(), checks whether or not the input fields have been properly filled in and the email is valid. If a field is missing an error message appears below the input field notifying the user that the input is required or that their email was inputted incorrectly. Upon pressing the submit button a POST request is sent. After the session is completed there is a response from the server printed in the consule, that prints whether or not each input, the first name, last name, email and message, are valid. 

